Integrate VPC template into main template (#191)
awslabs/amazon-s3-find-and-forget: docs/UPGRADE_GUIDE.md

# Upgrade Guide

## Migrating from <=v0.8 to 0.9

> The default behaviour of the solution has been changed in v0.9 to deploy and use
> the VPC that has been purpose-built for the solution as a nested stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default behaviour of the solution has been changed in v0.9 to deploy and use
a purpose-built VPC when creating the solution CloudFormation stack.
```

If you have deployed the standalone VPC stack provided in previous versions, you
should should set `DeployVpc` to **true** when upgrading to v0.9 and input the

> same values for the `FlowLogsGroup` and `FlowLogsRoleArn`. parameters that were

Reviewer: ```suggestion
same values for the `FlowLogsGroup` and `FlowLogsRoleArn` parameters that were
```

used when deploying the standalone VPC stack. After the deployment of v0.9 is

> complete, you may delete the old VPC stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
complete, you should delete the old VPC stack.
```

RFC2119 pedanticism.

> If you wish to continue using an existing VPC, you must set `DeployVpc` to
> **false** when upgrading to v0.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To continue using an existing VPC, you must set `DeployVpc` to
**false** when upgrading to v0.9.
```
